[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats formed
a pirate alliance with Law
and defeated
the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had seized
control of Dressrosa.
Now, at last,
the kingdom is at peace.
[REBECCA]
Do you think he doesn't
want us to live together?
Maybe I'm just a nuisance!
Beats me! Not my call!
I just came to ask if you're
fine with him leaving!
So tell me!
'Cause I gotta get out
of this kingdom, too!
Of course not!
It's not okay at all!
Then come with me.
Let's go.
[LUFFY] "The Bond Between
Father and Daughter!
Kyros and Rebecca!"
[TOWNSMAN A] I guess pirates
are rotten after all!
[TOWNSMAN B] That's what
we get for trusting them!
[TOWNSMAN C] We thought you
were a hero, then you do this?
Someone stop Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Give us back our princess!
[TOWNSMAN F]
Stop running!
[TOWNSMAN G]
You can't get away!
[TOWNSMAN H]
He's going that way!
[LUFFY gasps]
They must really like you!
Our target is Straw Hat.
You have a plan, right?
Take him out!
You ready?
[REBECCA]
Mm-hm!
[MARINES yell]
Capture him!
[BOTH gasp]
Aim carefully!
[REBECCA gasps]
Aw, damn it! No good!
It's Sea Prism Stone!
[REBECCA]
Oh, no! Are you okay? Lucy!
Got it!
[MARINE A] Stop right there!
You're surrounded!
[MARINE A] Step away from
the princess, slowly!
[REBECCA gasps]
What now?
Hop on!
Attack!
[MARINES yell]
Get outta my way!
Gum-Gum Whip!
[MARINES groan]
[LUFFY]
Gatling!
[MARINE D]
Got you!
[REBECCA screams]
--[LUFFY giggles]
--[REBECCA screams]
[REBECCA]
No! Lucy!
[LUFFY giggling]
[REBECCA screaming]
[TOWNSMAN I]
Whoa! What's going on?
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Lucy?
[TOWNSMAN J]
That's my dinner!
[REBECCA]
We're sorry!
Listen.
I'm gonna drop you off
at the hill.
I'll lure them away.
Then you run for it, 'kay?
Seems like everybody's
on the lookout for you.
If you get caught, they'll take
you back to the palace.
So be careful!
'Kay. But where do I go?
[LUFFY] Soldier should still be
at the little house
in the Flower Field.
The Flower Field?
Right. Got it.
We better hurry, though.
I don't know
how long he'll stay.
Thank you!
For everything you done, Lucy.
[LUFFY giggles] No problem.
Glad it worked out.
[REBECCA crying]
[SCARLET]
Her name is Rebecca.
Kyros. She's your
child! Hold her!
[REBECCA giggles]
[gasps] I shouldn't touch
such an innocent thing!
Not with these tainted hands.
It's not right!
You're such a little
angel, aren't you?
I'll watch over you.
I'll always be at your side!
My little girl, you're so cute.
Stop crying!
[KYROS]
Scarlet. I've fulfilled my duty.
Forgive me for cooking up
a lie about our marriage.
[KYROS] I just want Rebecca
to live a happy life,
safe from my past.
[REBECCA]
I gotta move.
Hey, Mother! Mother!
Look at all the flowers I found!
[SCARLET]
There's so many of them!
I picked this one just for you!
It's beautiful!
Thank you, Rebecca!
And this is from
your mother to you! [laughs]
Would you like to have one, too?
Thank you! [chuckles]
[giggles]
We did good selling
all the flowers today!
[SCARLET]
Maybe people bought so many
'cause I had such
a cute little helper!
[REBECCA gasps]
What a good girl
you are! Nice work!
[chuckles]
[REBECCA gasps]
[KYROS]
I'm going to the palace.
Scarlet, Rebecca.
I need you to stay safe.
Okay, Daddy.
I... I couldn't save her.
[KYROS]
I'm sorry! It's my fault.
I failed to protect your mother!
[gasps]
I regret I couldn't save
your mother's life.
But I will devote mine to
protect yours whatever the cost!
I'd rather have my mother!
[REBECCA]
I hate you.
Because you couldn't
save her. I hate you!
[REBECCA]
Soldier!
[giggles] Is that better?
Yes. Your hand is very warm.
[BOTH] ♪♪ This toy soldier
is brave and true. ♪♪
♪♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you. ♪♪
[BOTH laugh]
This is unfair. You can't go.
Not 'til I've seen you!
Not 'til I've
told you how I feel!
[KYROS]
Rebecca.
You know,
I wish we could both actually
live in the same house one day.
[REBECCA gasps]
[REBECCA]
Soldier, wait!
[KYROS] You're going to
learn to defend yourself.
Mother said I shouldn't
hurt others, no matter what!
But you must protect yourself
from those who would hurt you.
[REBECCA crying]
[KYROS]
Stand up, child! Don't give up!
[KYROS] Because you're
a member of the royal family,
you've had to endure
the hatred of this nation
for an entire decade.
But this time,
it will be different.
You can live the life
you were meant to lead.
A peaceful one.
[KYROS] But that's not a world
that I can be a part of.
[gasps]
[REBECCA panting]
Rebecca!
How dare you lie to me!
Oh. The letter.
I wasn't lying!
Look, I have a terrible history.
I was a sorry excuse for a man,
always getting into fights.
And I was a killer, too.
I can't deny what I've done.
That's the honest truth.
All right, but why did you say
I was the daughter
of some prince?
[gasps]
That's such a hateful lie!
[REBECCA] It doesn't matter how
many people he may have killed,
or how much his hands
are tainted in blood.
I only have one father!
[gasps]
I'm proud to say
I'm the daughter of Kyros!
So you don't have to lie!
Happiness will return to you.
'Til then,
I'll stay by your side!
[REBECCA crying]
[REBECCA]
I want you to stay with me,
like you promised, Soldier!
[KYROS crying]
Even after all the
things that I've done?
Let's live together. 'Kay, Dad?
[KYROS sobbing]
Sorry, Father, but it seems
Rebecca won't be coming back.
Very well. I thought as much.
I'm glad. She made
her own decision.
Viola. I'm sorry.
But please take my place.
I'm sorry, Viola.
Please take my place.
You mean as princess?
[VIOLET] I can't believe
I've had to grant
such a request twice.
[DOLDO] Rebecca really is just
like her mother, isn't she?
[DOLDO chuckles]
[USOPP]
Luffy isn't here yet?
[CAVENDISH] I haven't seen
Law anywhere, either.
[JEET] They're the ones who are
s'posed to be running this show!
Our group is pretty tough,
but what if the Navy
brings out the big guns?
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Here he comes!
Fujitora!
And yep, we're dead!
Hurry up, Mister Luffy!
[LUFFY panting]
[BASTILLE] All it takes
is an ounce of foresight
to squash a fool like a bug.
I've already sent reinforcements
to the Eastern Port,
where Straw Hat's headed.
They'll be pincered between
the warships at sea
and Issho on land.
Straw Hat and all the
rest of his criminal friends
will be felled in one swoop!
What now? Huh?
Only one option!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Zoro!
You and your friends
should stay back.
Leave this one to me!
[neighs]
Leave it to "us," you mean!
[FARUL neighs]
[BASTILLE] Hey! What happened
to the reinforcements
headed to the eastern port?
[MARINE E]
They, uh, seem to have run into
a bit of trouble along the way.
And what does that mean?
[MARINE E] Their bullets and
gunpowder have gone missing.
Unfortunately,
all of our other weapons,
like swords, axes, and knives
and such are missing as well.
[MARINE E] I can only assume
they were stolen by someone.
[MARINE E]
And that's just the start.
The warships can't
sail from the port
because they're all
stuck to each other.
Like someone
sewed them together!
[MARINE F] You can't sew iron
with thread! This is insane!
[MARINE G] Grab something
and cut it! Hurry!
[MARINE H] We can't!
Our knives are missing!
[MARINE E] Also, the soldiers
who collapsed earlier
are still paralyzed.
How can you possibly
screw things up this much?
[MARINE E]
We're sorry, sir!
[BASTILLE]
Do you know how many criminals
we're dealing with here?
You can't let them get away!
Figure something out!
[MARINE E]
W-We'll do our best!
[MANSHERRY]
I'm worried I might be taking
too much from them today.
Mouji, you're sure
this is okay, right?
I don't want them
to get paralyzed.
They've all been so generous.
Don't worry!
We got permission, of course!
From Kyros.
Please carry on, Princess!
Okay, then! I'll keep it up!
We still have a whole ton of
heavy injuries to heal.
I know you're in
the middle of this,
but we need to go now.
Huh? I'll only be a second!
Okay, I'll wait!
[MARINE E] According to
the citizens we asked,
these strange occurrences
are the work of fairies.
Seems to be something
they're used to.
Are you stupid?
They're obviously lying to you!
[MARINE E gasps]
I'll keep looking into it!
[BARTOLOMEO]
B-Barrier!
Will that hold against him?
[BARTOLOMEO] Wouldn't be
a barrier if it didn't!
We're not exactly weak!
We can hold 'til Mister Luffy
and Law show up.
[ALL]
Yeah!
Did the fight start already?
[SENGOKU] Would you like
some crackers, perhaps?
[LAW]
No thanks. Just start talking.
[OOK-OOK grunts]
[SENGOKU]
A boy with White Lead Disease?
So there was a survivor
from White Town?
[ROSINANTE] He resents
everything in this world.
[ROSINANTE] Feels like I'm
watching my older brother
when he was a kid.
[SENGOKU]
He has my sympathy,
but there's no cure
for White Lead Disease.
Don't get involved too much
or you'll give yourself away.
I know. Don't worry.
I won't forget
what I'm here to do.
I'll stop my brother
at any cost.
[ROSINANTE] He won't lay
a finger on Dressrosa.
[SENGOKU] We've lost
a lot of good Marines.
But it was different
when I lost him.
He was special to me.
We met when he was a child.
I thought of him as my own son.
He was as honest as they came,
with an unshakeable
sense of justice.
Naturally, he had
my absolute trust.
[SENGOKU] Regardless, he did lie
to me once, in the very end.
[ROSINANTE]
I heard you were looking to
make a trade for
the Op-Op Fruit.
My brother caught
wind of it somehow.
What? That's top secret info!
[LAW] I see. So that's who
you're talking to, huh?
[SENGOKU] So we'll plan an
ambush at Swallow Island.
That'll be the
end of Doflamingo!
It's a chance to catch
the whole Don Quixote Family
in one fell swoop!
Just make sure you stay away!
That was the plan.
[MARINE J]
Landing unit here.
Among the dead,
there's a Don Quixote Exec.
His code name is Corazon.
[SENGOKU gasps]
[MARINE J] I've sent a picture
of him. Could you confirm?
[SENGOKU] Rosinante! What were
you doing on that island?
[OOK-OOK grunts]
He betrayed me.
That's how it felt, at least.
[SENGOKU] But I know
he must have had a reason.
There were four things that
were lost during that incident.
The Barrels Pirate crew.
The life of poor Rosinante.
The Op-Op Fruit.
And of course the young boy
who was with the
Don Quixote Family then.
The one with
the White Lead Disease.
Yeah. That was me.
[NARRATOR] Admiral Fujitora
stands in the way
of the Straw Hats
and their allies,
who hope to escape Dressrosa.
Firm in his determination,
Luffy challenges him head-on,
without a second thought.
As the two men with
unshakeable conviction face off,
their attacks roar like thunder
across the kingdom.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Men's Pride!
Luffy vs. Fujitora,
Head-to-Head!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!